herb is always one of the hardest look
up to the ceiling like you're looking
because if you have a patient if you
tell a patient wrinkle your forehead
they're going to be like they often
can't do it so you want to come up with
you know ways to get them to do things
it's also true for the motor examination
mimic or mine what you want them to do
okay and then they'll be able to do it
very quickly and you'll be able to you
know escalate through your examination
skills you know the distal most aspect
is usually planter but the problem there
with light touch vs. pin prick is that
people often up calluses on their lower
extremities on the plantar aspect and so
you might inappropriately get an
abnormal response just because they're a
runner for example so I what if you're
going to be graded upon is did you go to
the distal most aspect of the plate if
you checked it you're silly
check sit on the plantar aspect that's
not how you're going to lose points
you're going to lose points because you
did the right arm and then the right leg
then the left arm the left leg you need
to do right left right left right left
for everything yes so we do arms and
question is for the yeah the one thing I
don't want you to do is do that right
what you usually do is you pinch it and
you go like this or you can just gently
tap your palm I think that either spine
but usually most people to pinch it and
pull their fingers off of it like that
the second question that you asked was
three we just do lower yes your
vignettes will be very very very very
specific and they'll be very short you
open up the you know the envelope on the
door and it will it may say go into the
room and do exactly this innocent list
you can walk into the room you do not
need to spend time walking to the page
say hi my name is Ryan I'm going to be
doing a century examination
you don't need to go through that whole
aspect of it rather what you can do is
open up the chart read what it is make
sure that as you're reading that you
remember it put the truck back in you
walk in there is a handle and quickly
the eccentric zaman okay okay we're
starting shooting and then you start and
just get right into it don't waste your
time on little things but the
examination though will be very specific
if it wants you to do both upper and
lower you do both upper and lower if it
says only to the lower you only do or
for sensory examination I'm asking you
guys to do screening testing and
screening testing one's looking at the
longest route of the body and that means
therefore focusing on the legs for
sensory for motor you've got to do
upstairs and downstairs for reflexes
you've got to go upstairs and downstairs
for sensory you do lower extremities
unless you've got abnormalities you
never stopped at an abnormal level then
you go upstairs to the arms if they've
been abnormal the entire length yes
making
you said you 26 go on that total it
extinguishes and you take it again go on
the other toe you don't have to go down
two points on the other leg no you don't
have to you wouldn't be wrong to look
but vibration is usually something like
this can you feel this is vibrating but
maybe close your eyes tell me is it
vibrating now is it vibrating now yes is
it vibrating now yes it's going to slow
down and peter out
is there a difference between the
vibration on the right
yes 22 eventually or are they acting a
certain deficit my my patience for the
freedom to George school not by telling
you exactly so nothing to worry about
yes yes if you are asked to write
anything down you will do it in the room
so once you're like let's say I asked
you to do your tender glances and by the
way the door will tell you everything
you need to do so it would never tell
you to just two reflexes and suddenly
found the standardized patient gives you
a formula no the door would tell you
exactly what to do go and do this and
then do this and so once you're finished
during the reflexes if I was going to
ask you to rate them then the patient we
give you a piece of paper and say we
just please write down your results
don't forget to put to log into the
computer for every room don't forget to
get your name on each piece of paper if
you yes we really did read the door and
you give it right back to the patient I
mean in the scenario yes I guess you
couldn't take it in but I don't think
that you would need to any other
questions because this should be one of
the easiest ways to get ten percent of
duty for this course it really should
you can understand though that if when
we never did this type of test
four people could graduate from the
brain and behavior course and really
never know how to do a simple
examination and so my goal is just to
make sure that not that you know how to
finesse all the subtleties of
documenting stuff or rather do you know
the big picture do you know how to do
motor sensory reflexes cranial nerves do
you know how to grade motor and reflexes
on the appropriate five and four point
scale in the future in your third year
that's when you're going to truly learn
the difference between the two versus of
one versus of three this pony rooms are
there there will be six rooms the last
room will be a communal room like this
one where it will consist as its own
station so there'll be five doors
technically and then one last door the
last door is where you all walk into one
room and you do something
it's not that I figure out that one's
gonna be you guys feel ready